[QACI-645] - MicroProfile 4.1 Results Enterprise 5.36.0 (#232)
payara/Payara-Enterprise-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/microprofile-certification/5.36.0/README.adoc

= MicroProfile 4.1 Certification Summaries

Payara Server is certified https://jakarta.ee/[MicroProfile 4.1] implementation.

> As proof of compatibility, output of Jakarta EE Compatibility Test Suite tests are presented for each certified version.

Reviewer: Is MicroProfile Jakarta? Isn't it just Eclipse?

> As proof of compatibility, output of Jakarta EE Compatibility Test Suite tests are presented for each certified version.

Reviewer 2: `output of Jakarta EE Compatibility Test Suite`

Must be output of MicroProfile TCK Test Suite.

> As proof of compatibility, output of Jakarta EE Compatibility Test Suite tests are presented for each certified version.

Author: ```suggestion
As proof of compatibility, output of MicroProfile TCK Test Suites are presented for each certified version.
```

The following distributions of Payara 5.36.0 are certified, with results for each listed below:

== Payara 5.36.0 Full Profile

> * xref:jakartaee-certification/5.36.0/microprofile-4.1-tck-results-full-5.36.0.adoc[Payara Server 5.36.0 - Full profile]

Reviewer 2: Netlify preview indicates a wrong link for `Payara Server 5.36.0 - Full profile`
